# August 27, 2025
i made my journal today and im happy to learn and use github
 
 # September 2, 2025
The school phone ban was unecessary. The goverment is focusing on the wrong things because This country has ALOT more and bigger issues to take care of. This economy and state is slowly falling apart but theyre biggist concern is cell phones at school. I understand that cell phones distract and prevent from having full on focus on school work but that is not all completly correct. Cell phones also help students,Students who suffer Anxiety or who are in a bad state mentally use music to forget about their problems and feel better or even music help students focus more and get their work done. The phone browser can also help students study or research things bassed on their assignment/project easily instead of taking 5 minutes to set up a computer or get a laptop out of their bag just to search one thing. Phones also provide proper and good communication,A student can easily be able to text thier parent or guardian without any probelms and they could also text a friend . This new law of the phone ban have made some teachers take advantige of it,Even before the phone ban teachers would yell at a student for simply just listening to music in the halls. The student would be minding their own business working or simply just texting a friend back after they finished their assignment then the teacher would proceed to scold or yell at them or some teachers would grab the students phone and throw or break it and that costs the students parents money.

# September 8, 2025
A Career i am interested is in Graphic design and fashion design. Computer science would actually help in this career because they use websites and Design Softwheres,For example Jess Lee She designed a Website for her fashion and designs and to make that she used computer to make the website. she needed to program and code and control what the website does since people are gonna use the website and she had to design and format where everythings at. In Graphic design you need to deisgn logos or for a product brands,create fliers,Movie and Game covers. Things that require photoshop editing browsers and that browser is made with computer science too.


# September 16, 2025
A Ai Project that i would like to invent is a Ai chat bot that could be a therapist for everyone world wide,What we would need is data tht is high quality and is well labled date to start this foundation. This ai bot would be helpful both for all the people because usally when someone tells another person about their problems and trauma and that information is gonna make the therapist feel more pressure to help that person along with their own problems and could affect both in mental health but with the ai the person talking about their probelms dosent have to feel guilty telling them all their probelms,The ai is also personally designed for the specific person after they answear a 10 minute servey. If The ai bot detects any deep probelms it will immidiety send a note to a actual perfesional and to a doctor for them.

# September 22, 2025
IKEA paying players real money is a bad idea. People who actually work in ikea getting paid the same amount of money of people who sit in their home playing roblox is unfair to those who work. The workers get up early to work multipe hours a week and try to provide themselves a home and food and someworkers for their whole family. If i ran ikea want to provide a fun way to work in ikea with roblox i would change the payment to 1.50 or 2.10 an hour becaus in reality tey are not really working but just playing a game.
 # September 30, 2025
 the phrase "6, 7" Truly does not mean anything it is just a popular lyrics from the song "Skrilla" by Doot Doot. The reason why students say it and the tone is sometimes to describe something for example a student can say "I drank My soda 6-7 times" or they could say "My Soda was 6-7 dollars"

 # October 8, 2025
 I Worked on the Classic Maze Angry Bird code
